result of the word : a
size : 10px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 20px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 30px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 40px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 50px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 60px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 70px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 80px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 90px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 100px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 110px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 120px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 130px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 140px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 150px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 160px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 170px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 180px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 190px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 200px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 210px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 220px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 230px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 240px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 250px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 260px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 270px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 280px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 290px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 300px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 310px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 320px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 330px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 340px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 350px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 360px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 370px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 380px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 390px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 400px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 410px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 420px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 430px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 440px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 450px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 460px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 470px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 480px , result (if succeeded?) : True, output : a 
size : 490px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 500px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 510px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 520px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 530px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 540px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 550px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 560px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 570px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 580px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 590px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 600px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 610px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 620px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 630px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 640px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 650px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 660px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 670px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 680px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 690px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 700px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 710px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 720px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 730px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 740px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 750px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 760px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 770px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 780px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 790px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 800px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 810px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 820px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 830px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 840px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 850px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 860px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 870px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 880px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 890px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 900px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 910px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 920px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 930px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 940px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 950px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 960px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 970px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 980px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 990px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
size : 1000px , result (if succeeded?) : False, output :  
total iteration : 100 , succeed : 46
